Rewrite docs (#369)
DevExpress/DevExtreme.AspNet.Data: docs/client-side-with-jquery.md

        ```

* Use [unpkg](https://unpkg.com/).

    Link the `dx.aspnet.data.js` script on your page in the following way:

    ```html
    <script src="https://unpkg.com/devextreme-aspnet-data/js/dx.aspnet.data.js"></script>
    ```

* Use [bower](https://libraries.io/bower/devextreme-aspnet-data).

    **NOTE: Since Bower is deprecated we do not recommend you use this approach.**

    1. Run the following command in the command line:

        ```
        bower install devextreme-aspnet-data
        ```

        ... or add `devextreme-aspnet-data` to the *bower.json* file's `dependencies` section.

        ```
        "dependencies": {
            ...
            "devextreme-aspnet-data": "^2"
        }
        ```

    2. Link the `dx.aspnet.data.js` script on your page:

        ```html
        <script src="/bower_components/devextreme-aspnet-data/js/dx.aspnet.data.js"></script>
        ```

#### See Also
- [Install DevExtreme Using npm](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/Getting_Started/Installation/npm_Package/)
- [Install DevExtreme Using Bower](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/Getting_Started/Installation/Bower_Package/)

## API Reference

> The client-side API consists of a single method, `DevExpress.data.AspNet.createStore`, that returns an instance of a [`CustomStore`](https://js.devexpress.com/DevExtreme/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/) configured to reach a controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client-side API consists of the `DevExpress.data.AspNet.createStore` method that returns a [`CustomStore`](https://js.devexpress.com/DevExtreme/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/) instance. This instance is configured to reach a controller.
```

Reviewer: Why "to reach"?

Author: we can replace it with "to access"

Reviewer: Yes

- `onModifying` - refer to [`CustomStore.onModifying`](https://js.devexpress.com/DevExtreme/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/Configuration/#onModifying).
- `onPush` - refer to [`CustomStore.onPush`](https://js.devexpress.com/DevExtreme/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/Configuration/#onPush).
- `onRemoved` - refer to [`CustomStore.onRemoved`](https://js.devexpress.com/DevExtreme/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/Configuration/#onRemoved).
- `onRemoving` - refer to [`CustomStore.onRemoving`](https://js.devexpress.com/DevExtreme/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/Configuration/#onRemoving).
- `onUpdated` - refer to [`CustomStore.onUpdated`](https://js.devexpress.com/DevExtreme/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/Configuration/#onUpdated).
- `onUpdating` - refer to [`CustomStore.onUpdating`](https://js.devexpress.com/DevExtreme/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/Configuration/#onUpdating).
- `updateMethod` - the HTTP method for update requests; `"PUT"` by default.
- `updateUrl` - the URL used to update data.

### Methods and Events

> Refer to `CustomStore` [methods](https://js.devexpress.com/DevExtreme/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/Methods/) and [events](https://js.devexpress.com/DevExtreme/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/Events/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the `CustomStore` [methods](https://js.devexpress.com/DevExtreme/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/Methods/) and [events](https://js.devexpress.com/DevExtreme/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/Events/).
```

Reviewer: but why do you need to refer to them?

Author: We can rewrite:
"All the CustomStore [methods] and [events] are available."

Reviewer: Do you mean: 'The following CustomStore [methods] and [events] are available'? ([methods] and [events] are links)

Author: Actually, not the following (they are not listed in this topic), but those that a user will see if he/she refers to the provided links.

Reviewer 2: The 'API Reference' section starts with '...returns an instance of a CustomStore...' . In the 'Methods and Events' sub-section we need to say that all methods and events that you can find in the linked CustomStore docs are available for your use. It might seem obvious but we reiterate this after the long list of configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the `CustomStore` [methods](https://js.devexpress.com/DevExtreme/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/Methods/) and [events](https://js.devexpress.com/DevExtreme/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/Events/) for a list of available methods and events.
```
